---
title: It's fourth day
date: 2018-10-25 16:55:54
description: "Leave that to me! Damn fool. I knew that you were going to say that! Who's the more foolish...the fool or the fool who follows him?"
slug: fourth
---

No, my father didn't fight in the wars. He was a navigator on a spice freighter. That's what your uncle told you. He didn't hold with your father's ideals. Thought he should have stayed here and not gotten involved. You fought in the Clone Wars? Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the same as your father. I wish I'd known him. He was the best star-pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I understand you've become quite a good pilot yourself. And he was a good friend. Which reminds me... I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damned-fool idealistic crusade like your father did.

Learn about the Force, Luke. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going. You must do what you feel is right, of course.

Didn't we just leave this party? What kept you? We ran into some old friends. Is the ship all right? Seems okay, if we can get to it. Just hope the old man got the tractor beam out of commission. Look! Come on, Artoo, we're going! Now's our chance! Go! No! Come on! Come on! Luke, its too late! Blast the door! Kid!

He says it's the best he can do. Since the XP-38 came out, they're just not in demand. It will be enough. If the ship's as fast as he's boasting, we ought to do well.

Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up. We're going in. We're going in full throttle. Right with you, boss. Luke, at that speed will you be able to pull out in time? It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon back home. We'll stay back far enough to cover you. My scope shows the tower, but I can't see the exhaust port! Are you sure the computer can hit it? Watch yourself! Increase speed full throttle! What about the tower? You worry about those fighters! I'll worry about the tower! Artoo...that, that stabilizer's broken loose again! See if you can't lock it down! I'm hit! I can't stay with you. Get clear, Wedge. You can't do any more good back there! Sorry!
